493
1,Bulbasaur,Grass,Kanto,20,"Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
2,Ivysaur,Grass,Kanto,10,"There is a bud on this Pokemon's back. To support its weight, Ivysaur's legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
3,Venusaur,Grass,Kanto,5,"There is a large flower on Venusaur's back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people."
4,Charmander,Fire,Kanto,20,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when Charmander is enjoying itself. If the Pokemon becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely."
5,Charmeleon,Fire,Kanto,10,"Charmeleon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color."
6,Charizard,Fire,Kanto,5,"Charizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself."
7,Squirtle,Water,Kanto,20,"Squirtle's shell is not merely used for protection. The shell's rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokemon to swim at high speeds."
8,Wartortle,Water,Kanto,10,"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as Wartortle ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokemon's toughness as a battler."
9,Blastoise,Water,Kanto,5,"Blastoise has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet."
10,Caterpie,Bug,Kanto,50,"Caterpie has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokemon releases a terrifically strong odor."
11,Metapod,Bug,Kanto,25,"The shell covering this Pokemon's body is as hard as an iron slab. Metapod does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell."
12,Butterfree,Bug,Kanto,13,"Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
13,Weedle,Bug,Kanto,50,"Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose)."
14,Kakuna,Bug,Kanto,25,"Kakuna remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch."
15,Beedrill,Bug,Kanto,13,"Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest,this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm."
16,Pidgey,Normal,Kanto,50,"Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
17,Pidgeotto,Normal,Kanto,25,"Pidgeotto claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokemon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
18,Pidgeot,Normal,Kanto,13,"This Pokemon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose Pidgeot as their Pokemon."
19,Rattata,Normal,Kanto,50,"Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives,it will make its nest anywhere."
20,Raticate,Normal,Kanto,20,"Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses."
21,Spearow,Normal,Kanto,50,"Spearow has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
22,Fearow,Normal,Kanto,20,"Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey."
23,Ekans,Poison,Kanto,50,"Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head."
24,Arbok,Poison,Kanto,20,"This Pokemon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once Arbok wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crushing embrace is impossible."
25,Pikachu,Electric,Kanto,20,"Whenever Pikachu comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pokemon mistook the intensity of its charge."
26,Raichu,Electric,Kanto,10,"If the electrical sacs become excessively charged, Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokemon's nest."
27,Sandshrew,Ground,Kanto,50,"Sandshrew's body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokemon curls up to protect itself from its enemies."
28,Sandslash,Ground,Kanto,20,"Sandslash's body is covered by tough spikes, which are hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes fall out, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones."
29,NidoranF,Poison,Kanto,50,"Nidoran (female) has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokemon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
30,Nidorina,Poison,Kanto,25,"When Nidorina are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokemon appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
31,Nidoqueen,Poison,Kanto,13,"Nidoqueen's body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokemon is at its strongest when it is defending its young."
32,NidoranM,Poison,Kanto,50,"Nidoran (male) has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokemon's notice."
33,Nidorino,Poison,Kanto,25,"Nidorino has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
34,Nidoking,Poison,Kanto,13,"Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokemon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
35,Clefairy,Fairy,Kanto,30,"On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokemon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other."
36,Clefable,Fairy,Kanto,10,"Clefable moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
37,Vulpix,Fire,Kanto,30,"At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokemon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled."
38,Ninetales,Fire,Kanto,10,"Ninetales casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe's mind. This Pokemon is said to live for a thousand years."
39,Jigglypuff,Normal,Kanto,50,"Jigglypuff's vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokemon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy."
40,Wigglytuff,Normal,Kanto,20,"Wigglytuff has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokemon's eyes, it is quickly washed away."
41,Zubat,Poison,Kanto,50,"Zubat remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned."
42,Golbat,Poison,Kanto,20,"Golbat loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night. This Pokemon flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood."
43,Oddish,Grass,Kanto,60,"During the daytime, Oddish buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body. The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become."
44,Gloom,Grass,Kanto,30,"Gloom releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens. If this Pokemon is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma."
45,Vileplume,Grass,Kanto,15,"Vileplume's toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be."
46,Paras,Bug,Kanto,40,"Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokemon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life."
47,Parasect,Bug,Kanto,20,"Parasect is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
48,Venonat,Bug,Kanto,50,"Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey."
49,Venomoth,Bug,Kanto,20,"Venomoth is nocturnal,it is a Pokemon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
50,Diglett,Ground,Kanto,50,"Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple,wherever this Pokemon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables."
51,Dugtrio,Ground,Kanto,20,"Dugtrio are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
52,Meowth,Normal,Kanto,50,"Meowth withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokemon loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
53,Persian,Normal,Kanto,20,"Persian has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokemon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers."
54,Psyduck,Water,Kanto,50,"Psyduck uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this Pokemon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars."
55,Golduck,Water,Kanto,20,"The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of Golduck give it frightening speed. This Pokemon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer."
56,Mankey,Fighting,Kanto,50,"When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
57,Primeape,Fighting,Kanto,20,"When Primeape becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time."
58,Growlithe,Fire,Kanto,30,"Growlithe has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokemon won't forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things."
59,Arcanine,Fire,Kanto,10,"Arcanine is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokemon's body is its source of power."
60,Poliwag,Water,Kanto,50,"Poliwag has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokemon's spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
61,Poliwhirl,Water,Kanto,25,"The surface of Poliwhirl's body is always wet and slick with a slimy fluid. Because of this slippery covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
62,Poliwrath,Water,Kanto,13,"Poliwrath's highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokemon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort."
63,Abra,Psychic,Kanto,50,"Abra sleeps for 18 hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a situation, this Pokemon immediately teleports to safety."
64,Kadabra,Psychic,Kanto,25,"Kadabra emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a Trainer of this Pokemon."
65,Alakazam,Psychic,Kanto,10,"Alakazam's brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This Pokemon holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead."
66,Machop,Fighting,Kanto,50,"Machop's muscles are special,they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokemon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans."
67,Machoke,Fighting,Kanto,25,"Machoke's thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This Pokemon has so much strength, it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger."
68,Machamp,Fighting,Kanto,10,"Machamp has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its arms to get tangled. This Pokemon tends to leap into action before it thinks."
69,Bellsprout,Grass,Kanto,50,"Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokemon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
70,Weepinbell,Grass,Kanto,25,"Weepinbell has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokemon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
71,Victreebel,Grass,Kanto,13,"Victreebel has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokemon swallows it whole."
72,Tentacool,Water,Kanto,50,"Tentacool's body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pokemon happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea."
73,Tentacruel,Water,Kanto,20,"Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokemon's outburst creates rough waves around it."
74,Geodude,Rock,Kanto,50,"The longer a Geodude lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance. However, this Pokemon's heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always."
75,Graveler,Rock,Kanto,25,"Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokemon eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis."
76,Golem,Rock,Kanto,13,"Golem live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these Pokemon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below."
77,Ponyta,Fire,Kanto,40,"Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokemon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent."
78,Rapidash,Fire,Kanto,15,"Rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokemon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
79,Slowpoke,Water,Kanto,50,"Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokemon often forgets what it's doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water's edge."
80,Slowbro,Water,Kanto,20,"Slowbro's tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This causes Slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead."
81,Magnemite,Electric,Kanto,50,"Magnemite attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this Pokemon clinging to the breaker box."
82,Magneton,Electric,Kanto,20,"Magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pokemon."
83,Farfetch'd,Normal,Kanto,30,"Farfetch'd is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This Pokemon has been known to fight with others over stalks."
84,Doduo,Normal,Kanto,50,"Doduo's two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps."
85,Dodrio,Normal,Kanto,20,"Watch out if Dodrio's three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokemon if it's being wary,it may decide to peck you."
86,Seel,Water,Kanto,50,"Seel hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
87,Dewgong,Water,Kanto,20,"Dewgong loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokemon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago."
88,Grimer,Poison,Kanto,50,"Grimer's sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokemon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater."
89,Muk,Poison,Kanto,20,"From Muk's body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokemon's body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid."
90,Shellder,Water,Kanto,50,"At night, this Pokemon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, Shellder closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
91,Cloyster,Water,Kanto,20,"Cloyster is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokemon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
92,Gastly,Ghost,Kanto,40,"Gastly is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokemon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
93,Haunter,Ghost,Kanto,20,"Haunter is a dangerous Pokemon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokemon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
94,Gengar,Ghost,Kanto,10,"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
95,Onix,Rock,Kanto,20,"Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokemon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother."
96,Drowzee,Psychic,Kanto,50,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that one of these Pokemon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
97,Hypno,Psychic,Kanto,20,"Hypno holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of hypnosis. While this Pokemon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
98,Krabby,Water,Kanto,50,"Krabby live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokemon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
99,Kingler,Water,Kanto,20,"Kingler has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokemon quickly tires."
100,Voltorb,Electric,Kanto,50,"Voltorb was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poke Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokemon looks very similar to a Poke Ball remains a mystery."
101,Electrode,Electric,Kanto,20,"Electrode eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokemon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity."
102,Exeggcute,Grass,Kanto,50,"This Pokemon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, Exeggcute is close to evolution."
103,Exeggutor,Grass,Kanto,20,"Exeggutor originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute."
104,Cubone,Ground,Kanto,40,"Cubone pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokemon wears are made by the tears it sheds."
105,Marowak,Ground,Kanto,15,"Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokemon's tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken."
106,Hitmonlee,Fighting,Kanto,20,"Hitmonlee's legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue."
107,Hitmonchan,Fighting,Kanto,20,"Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working toward a world championship. This Pokemon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity."
108,Lickitung,Normal,Kanto,20,"Whenever Lickitung comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
109,Koffing,Poison,Kanto,50,"If Koffing becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and jets them out from all over its body. This Pokemon may also overinflate its round body, then explode."
110,Weezing,Poison,Kanto,20,"Weezing loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This Pokemon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash."
111,Rhyhorn,Ground,Kanto,50,"Rhyhorn runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokemon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however."
112,Rhydon,Ground,Kanto,5,"Rhydon's horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pokemon's hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don't leave a scratch."
113,Chansey,Normal,Kanto,20,"Chansey lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
114,Tangela,Grass,Kanto,40,"Tangela's vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day."
115,Kangaskhan,Normal,Kanto,20,"If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokemon's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you."
116,Horsea,Water,Kanto,50,"Horsea eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this Pokemon anchors itself by wrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away."
117,Seadra,Water,Kanto,20,"Seadra sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokemon's poison barbs if they fail to notice it."
118,Goldeen,Water,Kanto,50,"Goldeen is a very beautiful Pokemon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokemon,it could ram you powerfully with its horn."
119,Seaking,Water,Kanto,20,"In the autumn, Seaking males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females. During this season, this Pokemon's body coloration is at its most beautiful."
120,Staryu,Water,Kanto,50,"Staryu's center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of summer, the glowing cores of these Pokemon look like the stars in the sky."
121,Starmie,Water,Kanto,20,"Starmie's center section,the core,glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokemon has been given the nickname: the gem of the sea.ù"
122,Mr.Mime,Psychic,Kanto,30,"Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists as if it were real."
123,Scyther,Bug,Kanto,30,"Scyther is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokemon's scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
124,Jynx,Ice,Kanto,30,"Jynx walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing."
125,Electabuzz,Electric,Kanto,20,"When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokemon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of lightning rods."
126,Magmar,Fire,Kanto,20,"In battle, Magmar blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pokemon's fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings."
127,Pinsir,Bug,Kanto,30,"Pinsir is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pokemon's movements turn sluggish in cold places."
128,Tauros,Normal,Kanto,30,"This Pokemon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
129,Magikarp,Water,Kanto,70,Magikarp is a pathetic excuse for a Pokemon that is only capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it."
130,Gyarados,Water,Kanto,10,"When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokemon's wildly violent nature."
131,Lapras,Water,Kanto,5,"People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokemon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
132,Ditto,Normal,Kanto,20,"Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokemon manages to get details wrong."
133,Eevee,Normal,Kanto,40,"Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokemon to evolve."
134,Vaporeon,Water,Kanto,13,"Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokemon has the ability to freely control water."
135,Jolteon,Electric,Kanto,13,"Jolteon's cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokemon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles."
136,Flareon,Fire,Kanto,13,"Flareon's fluffy fur has a functional purpose,it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokemon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
137,Porygon,Normal,Kanto,40,"Porygon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokemon is copy protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying."
138,Omanyte,Rock,Kanto,40,"Omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokemon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
139,Omastar,Rock,Kanto,15,"Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous."
140,Kabuto,Rock,Kanto,40,"Kabuto is a Pokemon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokemon has not changed at all for 300 million years."
141,Kabutops,Rock,Kanto,15,"Kabutops swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokemon was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs."
142,Aerodactyl,Rock,Kanto,20,"Aerodactyl is a Pokemon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times."
143,Snorlax,Normal,Kanto,5,"Snorlax's typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokemon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play."
144,Articuno,Ice,Kanto,3,"Articuno is a Legendary Pokemon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokemon flies, snow will fall."
145,Zapdos,Electric,Kanto,3,"Zapdos is a Legendary Pokemon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokemon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts."
146,Moltres,Fire,Kanto,3,"Moltres is a Legendary Pokemon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokemon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
147,Dratini,Dragon,Kanto,40,"Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels."
148,Dragonair,Dragon,Kanto,10,"Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail."
149,Dragonite,Dragon,Kanto,5,"Dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokemon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land."
150,Mewtwo,Psychic,Kanto,2,"Mewtwo is a Pokemon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokemon's body, they failed to endow Mewtwo with a compassionate heart."
151,Mew,Psychic,Kanto,2,"Mew is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokemon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
152,Chikorita,Grass,Johto,20,"In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokemon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around."
153,Bayleef,Grass,Johto,13,"Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy."
154,Meganium,Grass,Johto,5,"The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokemon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit."
155,Cyndaquil,Fire,Johto,20,"Cyndaquil protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokemon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
156,Quilava,Fire,Johto,13,"Quilava keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokemon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames."
157,Typhlosion,Fire,Johto,5,"Typhlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokemon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders."
158,Totodile,Water,Johto,20,"Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokemon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
159,Croconaw,Water,Johto,13,"Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in."
160,Feraligatr,Water,Johto,5,"Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
161,Sentret,Normal,Johto,50,"When Sentret sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokemon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
162,Furret,Normal,Johto,15,"Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokemon is very nimble and fleet."
163,Hoothoot,Normal,Johto,50,"Hoothoot has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokemon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
164,Noctowl,Normal,Johto,15,"Noctowl never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokemon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight."
165,Ledyba,Bug,Johto,50,"Ledyba secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokemon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent."
166,Ledian,Bug,Johto,15,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live Ledian in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this,the Pokemon uses the light of the stars as its energy."
167,Spinarak,Bug,Johto,50,"The web spun by Spinarak can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokemon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web's strands."
168,Ariados,Bug,Johto,15,"Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokemon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing."
169,Crobat,Poison,Johto,10,"If this Pokemon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it's proof that Crobat has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired."
170,Chinchou,Water,Johto,40,"Chinchou lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pokemon flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others."
171,Lanturn,Water,Johto,15,"Lanturn is nicknamed ""the deep-sea star""ù for its illuminated antenna. This Pokemon produces light by causing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna."
172,Pichu,Electric,Johto,0,"Pichu charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this Pokemon."
173,Cleffa,Fairy,Johto,0,"On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokemon quench their thirst with the morning dew."
174,Igglybuff,Normal,Johto,0,"Igglybuff's vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokemon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream."
175,Togepi,Fairy,Johto,0,"As its energy, Togepi uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokemon. This Pokemon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others."
176,Togetic,Fairy,Johto,5,"Togetic is said to be a Pokemon that brings good fortune. When the Pokemon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
177,Natu,Psychic,Johto,40,"Natu cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokemon's eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety."
178,Xatu,Psychic,Johto,15,"Xatu stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokemon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future."
179,Mareep,Electric,Johto,50,"Mareep's fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows."
180,Flaaffy,Electric,Johto,25,"Flaaffy's wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity."
181,Ampharos,Electric,Johto,13,"Ampharos gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokemon to send signals back and forth with others far away."
182,Bellossom,Grass,Johto,5,"When Bellossom gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokemon's dancing is renowned in the southern lands."
183,Marill,Water,Johto,50,"Marill's oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokemon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants."
184,Azumarill,Water,Johto,15,"Azumarill's long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokemon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers."
185,Sudowoodo,Rock,Johto,13,"Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokemon is easily identified as a fake during the winter."
186,Politoed,Water,Johto,10,"The curled hair on Politoed's head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokemon earns from its peers."
187,Hoppip,Grass,Johto,50,"This Pokemon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other Hoppip to prepare against being blown away."
188,Skiploom,Grass,Johto,25,"Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokemon is sometimes used as a thermometer."
189,Jumpluff,Grass,Johto,13,"Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokemon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating."
190,Aipom,Normal,Johto,20,"Aipom's tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokemon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
191,Sunkern,Grass,Johto,50,"Sunkern tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew."
192,Sunflora,Grass,Johto,10,"Sunflora converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night."
193,Yanma,Bug,Johto,30,"Yanma is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokemon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey."
194,Wooper,Water,Johto,40,"Wooper usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film."
195,Quagsire,Water,Johto,15,"Quagsire hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokemon does not move, it does not get very hungry."
196,Espeon,Psychic,Johto,13,"Espeon is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokemon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm."
197,Umbreon,Dark,Johto,13,"Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack."
198,Murkrow,Dark,Johto,20,"Murkrow was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokemon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women."
199,Slowking,Water,Johto,10,"Slowking undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokemon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off."
200,Misdreavus,Ghost,Johto,30,"Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokemon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
201,Unown,Psychic,Johto,30,"This Pokemon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
202,Wobbuffet,Psychic,Johto,25,"If two or more Wobbuffet meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit."
203,Girafarig,Normal,Johto,30,"Girafarig's rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokemon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite."
204,Pineco,Bug,Johto,40,"Pineco hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokemon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning."
205,Forretress,Bug,Johto,15,"Forretress conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokemon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside cannot be seen."
206,Dunsparce,Normal,Johto,30,"Dunsparce has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backward. This Pokemon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground."
207,Gligar,Ground,Johto,20,"Gligar glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokemon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb."
208,Steelix,Steel,Johto,10,"Steelix lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokemon is known to dig toward the earth's core. There are records of this Pokemon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground."
209,Snubbull,Fairy,Johto,40,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, Snubbull sends smaller Pokemon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokemon seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
210,Granbull,Fairy,Johto,15,"Granbull has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokemon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately."
211,Qwilfish,Water,Johto,30,"Qwilfish sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokemon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging."
212,Scizor,Bug,Johto,5,"Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokemon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature."
213,Shuckle,Bug,Johto,30,"Shuckle quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
214,Heracross,Bug,Johto,30,"Heracross charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokemon even has enough power to topple a massive tree."
215,Sneasel,Dark,Johto,20,"Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokemon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away."
216,Teddiursa,Normal,Johto,50,"This Pokemon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. Teddiursa concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill."
217,Ursaring,Normal,Johto,15,"In the forests inhabited by Ursaring, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokemon walks through its forest gathering food every day."
218,Slugma,Fire,Johto,30,"Molten magma courses throughout Slugma's circulatory system. If this Pokemon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size."
219,Magcargo,Fire,Johto,13,"Magcargo's shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile,just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokemon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma."
220,Swinub,Ice,Johto,30,"Swinub roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokemon occasionally roots out hot springs."
221,Piloswine,Ice,Johto,13,"Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokemon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice."
222,Corsola,Water,Johto,30,"Corsola's branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokemon grows it back in just one night."
223,Remoraid,Water,Johto,50,"Remoraid sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokemon travels downstream from rivers."
224,Octillery,Water,Johto,15,"Octillery grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokemon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, Octillery spews ink to escape."
225,Delibird,Ice,Johto,20,"Delibird carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world's highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokemon sharing its food."
226,Mantine,Water,Johto,30,"On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea's waves. This Pokemon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides."
227,Skarmory,Steel,Johto,20,"Skarmory is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokemon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges."
228,Houndour,Dark,Johto,40,"Houndour hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokemon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled."
229,Houndoom,Dark,Johto,15,"In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pokemon choose their leader by fighting among themselves."
230,Kingdra,Water,Johto,10,"Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokemon creates spiraling ocean currents."
231,Phanpy,Ground,Johto,50,"For its nest, Phanpy digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed."
232,Donphan,Ground,Johto,13,"Donphan's favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokemon can't stop very easily."
233,Porygon2,Normal,Johto,5,"Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokemon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own."
234,Stantler,Normal,Johto,30,"Stantler's magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokemon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
235,Smeargle,Normal,Johto,25,"Smeargle marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokemon have been found."
236,Tyrogue,Fighting,Johto,0,"Tyrogue becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokemon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods."
237,Hitmontop,Fighting,Johto,10,"Hitmontop spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokemon travels faster spinning than it does walking."
238,Smoochum,Ice,Johto,25,"Smoochum actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn't become dirty."
239,Elekid,Electric,Johto,0,"Elekid stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokemon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
240,Magby,Fire,Johto,0,"Magby's state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokemon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
241,Miltank,Normal,Johto,20,"Miltank gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead."
242,Blissey,Normal,Johto,5,"Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokemon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face."
243,Raikou,Electric,Johto,2,"Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokemon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down."
244,Entei,Fire,Johto,2,"Entei embodies the passion of magma. This Pokemon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch."
245,Suicune,Water,Johto,2,"Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokemon has the power to purify dirty water."
246,Larvitar,Rock,Johto,40,"Larvitar is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokemon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, Larvitar cannot see its parents."
247,Pupitar,Rock,Johto,10,"Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable,it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel."
248,Tyranitar,Rock,Johto,5,"Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokemon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
249,Lugia,Psychic,Johto,2,"Lugia's wings pack devastating power,a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokemon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
250,Ho-Oh,Fire,Johto,2,"Ho-Oh's feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokemon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow."
251,Celebi,Psychic,Johto,2,"This Pokemon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as Celebi appears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
252,Treecko,Grass,Hoenn,20,"Treecko has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokemon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail."
253,Grovyle,Grass,Hoenn,10,"The leaves growing out of Grovyle's body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokemon is a master at climbing trees in jungles."
254,Sceptile,Grass,Hoenn,5,"The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokemon is very agile,it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind."
255,Torchic,Fire,Hoenn,20,"Torchic sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokemon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black."
256,Combusken,Fire,Hoenn,10,"Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokemon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second."
257,Blaziken,Fire,Hoenn,5,"In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokemon's wrists burn."
258,Mudkip,Water,Hoenn,20,"The fin on Mudkip's head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokemon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes."
259,Marshtomp,Water,Hoenn,10,"The surface of Marshtomp's body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokemon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low."
260,Swampert,Water,Hoenn,5,"Swampert is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokemon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water."
261,Poochyena,Dark,Hoenn,50,"At first sight, Poochyena takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokemon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back."
262,Mightyena,Dark,Hoenn,20,"Mightyena gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokemon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs."
263,Zigzagoon,Normal,Hoenn,50,"Zigzagoon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokemon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see."
264,Linoone,Normal,Hoenn,20,"Linoone always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokemon is very challenged by gently curving roads."
265,Wurmple,Bug,Hoenn,50,"Using the spikes on its rear end, Wurmple peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokemon's feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping."
266,Silcoon,Bug,Hoenn,25,"Silcoon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokemon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole."
267,Beautifly,Bug,Hoenn,13,"Beautifly's favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokemon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. Beautifly is sure to come looking for pollen."
268,Cascoon,Bug,Hoenn,25,"Cascoon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokemon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon."
269,Dustox,Bug,Hoenn,13,"Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokemon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food."
270,Lotad,Water,Hoenn,50,"Lotad live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokemon travels on land in search of clean water."
271,Lombre,Water,Hoenn,25,"Lombre is nocturnal,it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief maker. When this Pokemon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation."
272,Ludicolo,Water,Hoenn,13,"Ludicolo begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokemon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings."
273,Seedot,Grass,Hoenn,50,"Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokemon's body becomes."
274,Nuzleaf,Grass,Hoenn,25,"Nuzleaf live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokemon dislikes having its long nose pinched."
275,Shiftry,Grass,Hoenn,13,"Shiftry is a mysterious Pokemon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds."
276,Taillow,Normal,Hoenn,50,"Taillow courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokemon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry."
277,Swellow,Normal,Hoenn,20,"Swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokemon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by Swellow's clawed feet, preventing escape."
278,Wingull,Water,Hoenn,50,"Wingull has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokemon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky."
279,Pelipper,Water,Hoenn,20,"Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pokemon and eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokemon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea."
280,Ralts,Psychic,Hoenn,40,"Ralts senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokemon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition."
281,Kirlia,Psychic,Hoenn,10,"It is said that a Kirlia that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokemon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain."
282,Gardevoir,Psychic,Hoenn,5,"Gardevoir has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokemon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power."
283,Surskit,Bug,Hoenn,50,"From the tips of its feet, Surskit secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokemon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes."
284,Masquerain,Bug,Hoenn,20,"Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokemon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction,even sideways and backwards,as if it were a helicopter."
285,Shroomish,Grass,Hoenn,50,"Shroomish live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokemon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves."
286,Breloom,Grass,Hoenn,20,"Breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokemon's fighting technique puts boxers to shame."
287,Slakoth,Normal,Hoenn,40,"Slakoth lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokemon's sole daily meal consists of just three leaves."
288,Vigoroth,Normal,Hoenn,10,"Vigoroth is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokemon's stress level rises if it can't be moving constantly."
289,Slaking,Normal,Hoenn,5,"Slaking spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokemon reluctantly moves to another spot."
290,Nincada,Bug,Hoenn,20,"Nincada lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This Pokemon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution."
291,Ninjask,Bug,Hoenn,10,"Ninjask moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokemon was long believed to be invisible."
292,Shedinja,Bug,Hoenn,5,"Shedinja's hard body doesn't move,not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokemon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back."
293,Whismur,Normal,Hoenn,50,"Normally, Whismur's voice is very quiet,it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokemon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume."
294,Loudred,Normal,Hoenn,25,"Loudred's bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokemon's round ears serve as loudspeakers."
295,Exploud,Normal,Hoenn,13,"Exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokemon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow."
296,Makuhita,Fighting,Hoenn,50,"Makuhita is tenacious,it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokemon stores more energy in its body for evolving."
297,Hariyama,Fighting,Hoenn,20,"Hariyama practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokemon's powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two."
298,Azurill,Normal,Hoenn,0,"Azurill spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these Pokemon managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet."
299,Nosepass,Rock,Hoenn,20,"Nosepass's magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokemon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another."
300,Skitty,Normal,Hoenn,50,"Skitty has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokemon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy."
301,Delcatty,Normal,Hoenn,20,"Delcatty prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pokemon eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random."
302,Sableye,Dark,Hoenn,20,"Sableye lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokemon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness."
303,Mawile,Steel,Hoenn,50,"Mawile's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, Mawile chomps it with its gaping jaws."
304,Aron,Steel,Hoenn,50,"This Pokemon has a body of steel. To make its body, Aron feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails."
305,Lairon,Steel,Hoenn,25,"Lairon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokemon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water."
306,Aggron,Steel,Hoenn,13,"Aggron claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokemon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times."
307,Meditite,Fighting,Hoenn,50,"Meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokemon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends."
308,Medicham,Fighting,Hoenn,20,"It is said that through meditation, Medicham heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokemon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains."
309,Electrike,Electric,Hoenn,50,"Electrike stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokemon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance."
310,Manectric,Electric,Hoenn,20,"Manectric is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokemon creates thunderclouds."
311,Plusle,Electric,Hoenn,30,"Plusle always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokemon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy."
312,Minun,Electric,Hoenn,30,"Minun is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates."
313,Volbeat,Bug,Hoenn,30,"With the arrival of night, Volbeat emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokemon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise."
314,Illumise,Bug,Hoenn,30,"Illumise attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokemon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky."
315,Roselia,Grass,Hoenn,30,"Roselia shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokemon brings serenity to living things."
316,Gulpin,Poison,Hoenn,50,"Virtually all of Gulpin's body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokemon's stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything."
317,Swalot,Poison,Hoenn,20,"When Swalot spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokemon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth."
318,Carvanha,Water,Hoenn,50,"Carvanha's strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokemon."
319,Sharpedo,Water,Hoenn,20,"Nicknamed ""the bully of the sea,""ù Sharpedo is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these Pokemon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker."
320,Wailmer,Water,Hoenn,50,"Wailmer's nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokemon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils."
321,Wailord,Water,Hoenn,20,"Wailord is the largest of all identified Pokemon up to now. This giant Pokemon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth."
322,Numel,Fire,Hoenn,50,"Numel is extremely dull witted,it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokemon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma."
323,Camerupt,Fire,Hoenn,20,"Camerupt has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokemon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma."
324,Torkoal,Fire,Hoenn,30,"Torkoal digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokemon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat."
325,Spoink,Psychic,Hoenn,50,"Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokemon cannot afford to stop bouncing,if it stops, its heart will stop."
326,Grumpig,Psychic,Hoenn,20,"Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokemon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored."
327,Spinda,Normal,Hoenn,30,"All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokemon give it the appearance of dancing."
328,Trapinch,Ground,Hoenn,40,"Trapinch's nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokemon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders."
329,Vibrava,Ground,Hoenn,10,"To make prey faint, Vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokemon's ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people."
330,Flygon,Ground,Hoenn,5,"Flygon is nicknamed ""the elemental spirit of the desert.""ù Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokemon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying."
331,Cacnea,Grass,Hoenn,50,"Cacnea lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokemon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down."
332,Cacturne,Grass,Hoenn,20,"During the daytime, Cacturne remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokemon becomes active at night when the temperature drops."
333,Swablu,Normal,Hoenn,50,"Swablu has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokemon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat."
334,Altaria,Dragon,Hoenn,20,"Altaria dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokemon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment."
335,Zangoose,Normal,Hoenn,30,"Memories of battling its archrival Seviper are etched into every cell of Zangoose's body. This Pokemon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility."
336,Seviper,Poison,Hoenn,30,"Seviper shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokemon attacks using its sword-edged tail."
337,Lunatone,Rock,Hoenn,30,"Lunatone was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokemon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far."
338,Solrock,Rock,Hoenn,30,"Solrock is a new species of Pokemon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokemon releases intensely bright light."
339,Barboach,Water,Hoenn,50,"Barboach's sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokemon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along."
340,Whiscash,Water,Hoenn,20,"Whiscash is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokemon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake."
341,Corphish,Water,Hoenn,50,"Corphish were originally foreign Pokemon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokemon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population."
342,Crawdaunt,Water,Hoenn,20,"Crawdaunt has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokemon, making them desolate places."
343,Baltoy,Ground,Hoenn,50,"Baltoy moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokemon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins."
344,Claydol,Ground,Hoenn,20,"Claydol are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This Pokemon moves about while levitating."
345,Lileep,Rock,Hoenn,50,"Lileep became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokemon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals."
346,Cradily,Rock,Hoenn,20,"Cradily roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This Pokemon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles."
347,Anorith,Rock,Hoenn,50,"Anorith was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive Pokemon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws."
348,Armaldo,Rock,Hoenn,20,"Armaldo's tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokemon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab."
349,Feebas,Water,Hoenn,70,"Feebas's fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokemon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers."
350,Milotic,Water,Hoenn,10,"Milotic is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokemon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding."
351,Castform,Normal,Hoenn,30,"Castform's appearance changes with the weather. This Pokemon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body."
352,Kecleon,Normal,Hoenn,30,"Kecleon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception,this Pokemon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly."
353,Shuppet,Ghost,Hoenn,40,"Shuppet is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokemon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person's home."
354,Banette,Ghost,Hoenn,20,"Banette generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokemon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away."
355,Duskull,Ghost,Hoenn,40,"Duskull can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokemon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn."
356,Dusclops,Ghost,Hoenn,20,"Dusclops's body is completely hollow,there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokemon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out."
357,Tropius,Grass,Hoenn,30,"The bunches of fruit around Tropius's neck are very popular with children. This Pokemon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit."
358,Chimecho,Psychic,Hoenn,30,"Chimecho makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokemon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying."
359,Absol,Dark,Hoenn,50,"Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokemon."
360,Wynaut,Psychic,Hoenn,0,"Wynaut can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokemon will be slapping the ground with its tail."
361,Snorunt,Ice,Hoenn,50,"Snorunt live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokemon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns."
362,Glalie,Ice,Hoenn,20,"Glalie has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokemon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires."
363,Spheal,Ice,Hoenn,50,"Spheal is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokemon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy."
364,Sealeo,Ice,Hoenn,25,"Sealeo has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokemon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose."
365,Walrein,Ice,Hoenn,13,"Walrein's two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokemon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures."
366,Clamperl,Water,Hoenn,50,"Clamperl's sturdy shell is not only good for protection,it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown Clamperl's shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over."
367,Huntail,Water,Hoenn,20,"Huntail's presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokemon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean."
368,Gorebyss,Water,Hoenn,20,"Gorebyss lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokemon's body is unharmed by ordinary attacks."
369,Relicanth,Water,Hoenn,90,"Relicanth is a Pokemon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokemon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth."
370,Luvdisc,Water,Hoenn,30,"Luvdisc live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokemon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean's waves."
371,Bagon,Dragon,Hoenn,40,"Bagon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokemon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel."
372,Shelgon,Dragon,Hoenn,10,"Inside Shelgon's armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokemon's shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish."
373,Salamence,Dragon,Hoenn,5,"Salamence came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokemon's cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings."
374,Beldum,Steel,Hoenn,40,"Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout Beldum's body. This Pokemon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism."
375,Metang,Steel,Hoenn,10,"When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokemon generates strong psychokinetic power."
376,Metagross,Steel,Hoenn,5,"Metagross has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokemon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs."
377,Regirock,Rock,Hoenn,2,"Regirock was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokemon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself."
378,Regice,Ice,Hoenn,2,"Regice's body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokemon controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit."
379,Registeel,Steel,Hoenn,2,"Registeel has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokemon eats."
380,Latias,Dragon,Hoenn,2,"Latias is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokemon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe."
381,Latios,Dragon,Hoenn,2,"Latios has the ability to make others see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokemon is intelligent and understands human speech."
382,Kyogre,Water,Hoenn,2,"Through Primal Reversion and with nature's full power, it will take back its true form. It can summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise."
383,Groudon,Ground,Hoenn,2,"Groudon is said to be the personification of the land itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre, as each sought to gain the power of nature."
384,Rayquaza,Dragon,Hoenn,2,"Rayquaza is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest the clash between Kyogre and Groudon."
385,Jirachi,Steel,Hoenn,2,"A legend states that Jirachi will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this Pokemon senses danger, it will fight without awakening."
386,Deoxys,Psychic,Hoenn,6,"The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in Deoxys. The crystalline organ on this Pokemon's chest appears to be its brain."
387,Turtwig,Grass,Sinnoh,20,"It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty."
388,Grotle,Grass,Sinnoh,10,"It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokemon there on its back."
389,Torterra,Grass,Sinnoh,5,"Small Pokemon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests."
390,Chimchar,Fire,Sinnoh,20,"The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick."
391,Monferno,Fire,Sinnoh,10,"It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon."
392,Infernape,Fire,Sinnoh,5,"It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style."
393,Piplup,Water,Sinnoh,20,"Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold."
394,Prinplup,Water,Sinnoh,10,"It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees."
395,Empoleon,Water,Sinnoh,5,"The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns."
396,Starly,Normal,Sinnoh,50,"They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokemon. Their singing is noisy and annoying."
397,Staravia,Normal,Sinnoh,25,"It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide."
398,Staraptor,Normal,Sinnoh,13,"When Staravia evolve into Staraptor, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings."
399,Bidoof,Normal,Sinnoh,50,"It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water."
400,Bibarel,Normal,Sinnoh,20,"It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker."
401,Kricketot,Bug,Sinnoh,50,"When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone."
402,Kricketune,Bug,Sinnoh,20,"It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns."
403,Shinx,Electric,Sinnoh,50,"All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded."
404,Luxio,Electric,Sinnoh,25,"Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes."
405,Luxray,Electric,Sinnoh,13,"Luxray's ability to see through objects comes in handy when it's scouting for danger."
406,Budew,Grass,Sinnoh,0,"Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen."
407,Roserade,Grass,Sinnoh,15,"With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns."
408,Cranidos,Rock,Sinnoh,50,"Its hard skull is its distinguishing feature. It snapped trees by headbutting them, and then it fed on their ripe berries."
409,Rampardos,Rock,Sinnoh,20,"This ancient Pokemon used headbutts skillfully. Its brain was really small, so some theories suggest that its stupidity led to its extinction."
410,Shieldon,Rock,Sinnoh,50,"Although its fossils can be found in layers of primeval rock, nothing but its face has ever been discovered."
411,Bastiodon,Rock,Sinnoh,20,"This Pokemon is from roughly 100 million years ago. Its terrifyingly tough face is harder than steel."
412,Burmy,Bug,Sinnoh,50,"If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby."
413,Wormadam,Bug,Sinnoh,15,"When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokemon's body. The cloak is never shed."
414,Mothim,Bug,Sinnoh,15,"It flutters around at night and steals honey from the Combee hive."
415,Combee,Bug,Sinnoh,15,"It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep."
416,Vespiquen,Bug,Sinnoh,15,"Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee."
417,Pachirisu,Electric,Sinnoh,30,"A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity."
418,Buizel,Water,Sinnoh,50,"It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on."
419,Floatzel,Water,Sinnoh,20,"Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft."
420,Cherubi,Grass,Sinnoh,50,"It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients."
421,Cherrim,Grass,Sinnoh,10,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun's rays with its whole body."
422,Shellos,Water,Sinnoh,50,"When it senses danger, a purple liquid oozes out of it. The liquid is thought to be something like greasy sweat."
423,Gastrodon,Water,Sinnoh,20,"Their shape and color change, depending on their environment and diet. There are many of them at beaches where the waves are calm."
424,Ambipom,Normal,Sinnoh,20,"It uses its tails for everything. If it wraps both of its tails around you and gives you a squeeze, that's proof it really likes you."
425,Drifloon,Ghost,Sinnoh,40,"Wandering souls gathered together to form this Pokemon. When trying to make friends with children, Drifloon grabs them by the hand."
426,Drifblim,Ghost,Sinnoh,20,"The raw material for the gas inside its body is souls. When its body starts to deflate, it's thought to carry away people and Pokemon."
427,Buneary,Normal,Sinnoh,50,"The reason it keeps one ear rolled up is so it can launch a swift counterattack if it's attacked by an enemy."
428,Lopunny,Normal,Sinnoh,20,"It's notably wary and has a dislike of fighting, but at the same time, it can deliver powerful kicks with its lithe legs."
429,Mismagius,Ghost,Sinnoh,10,"Its muttered curses can cause awful headaches or terrifying visions that torment others."
430,Honchkrow,Dark,Sinnoh,10,"Its goons take care of most of the fighting for it. The only time it dirties its own hands is in delivering a final blow to finish off an opponent."
431,Glameow,Normal,Sinnoh,40,"When it's happy, Glameow demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon."
432,Purugly,Normal,Sinnoh,15,"To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails."
433,Chingling,Psychic,Sinnoh,0,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
434,Stunky,Poison,Sinnoh,50,"It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours."
435,Skuntank,Poison,Sinnoh,20,"It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester."
436,Bronzor,Steel,Sinnoh,50,"Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related."
437,Bronzong,Steel,Sinnoh,20,"Ancient people believed that petitioning Bronzong for rain was the way to make crops grow."
438,Bonsly,Rock,Sinnoh,0,"If its body gets too damp, it will die. So, in a process reminiscent of sweating, its eyes expel moisture."
439,MimeJr.,Psychic,Sinnoh,0,"When this gifted mimic surprises an opponent, Mime Jr. feels so happy that it ends up forgetting it was imitating something."
440,Happiny,Normal,Sinnoh,0,"When it sees something round and white, Happiny puts it into the pouch on its stomach. It sometimes becomes overloaded and can't move."
441,Chatot,Normal,Sinnoh,30,"It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying."
442,Spiritomb,Ghost,Sinnoh,10,"It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago."
443,Gible,Dragon,Sinnoh,40,"Its original home is an area much hotter than Alola. If you're planning to live with one, your heating bill will soar."
444,Gabite,Dragon,Sinnoh,10,"It sheds its skin and gradually grows larger. Its scales can be ground into a powder and used as raw materials for traditional medicine."
445,Garchomp,Dragon,Sinnoh,5,"Its fine scales don't just reduce wind resistance,their sharp edges also cause injury to any opponent who attacks it."
446,Munchlax,Normal,Sinnoh,0,"Anything that looks edible, Munchlax will go on and swallow whole. Its stomach is tough enough to handle it even if the food has gone rotten."
447,Riolu,Fighting,Sinnoh,0,"It uses waves called auras to communicate with others of its kind. It doesn't make any noise during this time, so its enemies can't detect it."
448,Lucario,Fighting,Sinnoh,10,"Lucario reads its opponent's feelings with its aura waves. It finds out things it would rather not know, so it gets stressed out easily."
449,Hippopotas,Ground,Sinnoh,40,"It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet."
450,Hippowdon,Ground,Sinnoh,15,"It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack."
451,Skorupi,Poison,Sinnoh,40,"It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison."
452,Drapion,Poison,Sinnoh,15,"It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison."
453,Croagunk,Poison,Sinnoh,40,"Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab."
454,Toxicroak,Poison,Sinnoh,15,"Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal."
455,Carnivine,Grass,Sinnoh,90,"It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling drool and gulps them down."
456,Finneon,Water,Sinnoh,50,"It lures in prey with its shining tail fins. It stays near the surface during the day and moves to the depths when night falls."
457,Lumineon,Water,Sinnoh,20,"They traverse the deep waters as if crawling over the seafloor. The fantastic lights of its fins shine like stars in the night sky."
458,Mantyke,Water,Sinnoh,0,"Mantyke are friendly toward people and will approach boats closely. The patterns on their backs differ depending on their habitat."
459,Snover,Grass,Sinnoh,30,"In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly."
460,Abomasnow,Grass,Sinnoh,13,"It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards."
461,Weavile,Dark,Sinnoh,15,"Thanks to its increased intelligence, scrapping over food is a thing of the past. A scratch from its claws will give you a case of frostbite!"
462,Magnezone,Electric,Sinnoh,13,"There are still people who believe that this Pokemon came from outer space. It emanates a powerful magnetic field."
463,Lickilicky,Normal,Sinnoh,15,"It uses its tongue much more skillfully than its hands or its feet. It can deftly pick up a single small bean with its tongue."
464,Rhyperior,Ground,Sinnoh,5,"It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times."
465,Tangrowth,Grass,Sinnoh,15,"Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can't even see its eyes."
466,Electivire,Electric,Sinnoh,15,"A single Electivire can provide enough electricity for all the buildings in a big city for a year."
467,Magmortar,Fire,Sinnoh,15,"Magmortar takes down its enemies by shooting fireballs, which burn them to a blackened crisp. It avoids this method when hunting prey."
468,Togekiss,Fairy,Sinnoh,1,"It shares many blessings with people who respect one another's rights and avoid needless strife."
469,Yanmega,Bug,Sinnoh,18,"This six-legged Pokemon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced."
470,Leafeon,Grass,Sinnoh,13,"It gets its nutrition from photosynthesis. It lives a quiet life deep in forests where clean rivers flow."
471,Glaceon,Ice,Sinnoh,13,"It can instantaneously freeze any moisture that's around it, creating ice pellets to shoot at its prey."
472,Gliscor,Ground,Sinnoh,13,"Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest."
473,Mamoswine,Ice,Sinnoh,5,"Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age."
474,Porygon-Z,Normal,Sinnoh,5,"A faulty update was added to its programming. Its behavior is noticeably strange, so the experiment may have been a failure."
475,Gallade,Psychic,Sinnoh,5,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
476,Probopass,Rock,Sinnoh,10,"It uses three small units to catch prey and battle enemies. The main body mostly just gives orders."
477,Dusknoir,Ghost,Sinnoh,10,"The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there."
478,Froslass,Ice,Sinnoh,20,"It's said that on nights of terrible blizzards, it comes down to human settlements. If you hear it knocking at your door, do not open it!"
479,Rotom,Electric,Sinnoh,30,"Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc."
480,Uxie,Psychic,Sinnoh,2,"It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life."
481,Mesprit,Psychic,Sinnoh,2,"It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake's surface."
482,Azelf,Psychic,Sinnoh,2,"It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf all came from the same egg."
483,Dialga,Steel,Sinnoh,2,"It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity."
484,Palkia,Water,Sinnoh,2,"It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology."
485,Heatran,Fire,Sinnoh,2,"Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves."
486,Regigigas,Normal,Sinnoh,2,"There is an enduring legend that states this Pokemon towed continents with ropes."
487,Giratina,Ghost,Sinnoh,2,"It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World."
488,Cresselia,Psychic,Sinnoh,2,"Those who sleep holding Cresselia's feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon."
489,Phione,Water,Sinnoh,2,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
490,Manaphy,Water,Sinnoh,2,"It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokemon."
491,Darkrai,Dark,Sinnoh,2,"It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon."
492,Shaymin,Grass,Sinnoh,2,"The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers."
493,Arceus,Normal,Sinnoh,2,"It is told in mythology that this Pokemon was born before the universe even existed."